<h1>HealthChain</h1>


<h2>Description</h2>


<h3>Problem Statement:</h3>

Make a blockchain based solution to address any issues in Healthcare.

<h3>Our Approach:</h3>

HealthChain addresses a major loophole in the current system of using handwritten prescriptions and filing of medical records/receipts – tampering and spoofing.

An individual may produce a false prescription to procure drugs that he/she may be addicted to. Medical bills may be spoofed in order to claim insurance money or corporate reimbursement. Another drawback of the current system is theway in which an individual’s medical history is stored. It is generally done  by manual filing of diagnosis that may or may not be properly accounted for.

HealthChain is an online portal that maintains a digital copy of a patient’s medical history, along with all of his/her diagnosis, prescriptions, and medical receipts. These may be uploaded by a doctor/hospital/chemist, and are fed into the blockchain to prevent any sort of alterations. The individual can only view this information, not edit it. Accountability is maintained as the address of all the concerned parties are recorded at every step, while maintaining the security of each user’s medical records.


<h2>Functions</h2>

There are essentially four types of users of this system:

-Hospitals/Doctors: Can upload diagnosis, prescriptions and bills for each patient.

-Chemists: Can view prescriptions, and upload receipts.

-Insurance Companies/Corporates: Can view receipts in order to validate claims.

-Patients: Can view their medical records.

HealthChain also provides for analytics  for each patient’s medical history, helping them track their past ailments and take precautions for any recurring diseases.


<h2>Use case diagram link</h2>

https://drive.google.com/open?id=11De7goXt_FeUMnzcb75p-rNgnvbop3TH


<h2>Technology stack</h2>

Smart contract coded in Solidity

Remix, Ganache for deployment to Ethereum

MetaMask wallet for transactions

Frontend: ReactJs, HTML, CSS

Middleware: Web3, npm


<h2>Limitations</h2>

Trust: While every transaction is accounted for, our current system cannot detect false bills/prescriptions if they are issued by credible sources. This can be worked around in the future, as discussed in the ‘Future Aspects’ section.


<h2>Future Aspects</h2>

By mapping every receipt to the serial numbers of the product and cross checking it with the inventory, we can ensure that the problem of falsified bills never arises, even if they are uploaded by legitimate chemists.


<h2>GitHub Project Link</h2>

https://github.com/prtk1910/HealthChain


<h2>Screenshots</h2>
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1gFL8rnAxZl88_4f48v0MLML-K1ufH_2R

<h2>Contact Info</h2>

Pratik Mulchandani
pratikm1910@gmail.com
https://github.com/prtk1910

Keval Nagda
knagda008@gmail.com
https://github.com/pumpkinman008

Muhammad Umair Siddiqui
umn2o2co2@gmail.com
https://github.com/umn2o2co2

Parth N. Shah
shahp98@gmail.com
https://github.com/shahp98
