CERTHORITY

## Problem definition
The process is about deploying blockchain in such a way that it not only verifies the originality of the document but also verifies the identity of the individual claiming and uploading it. This is done by recognizing each user with an unique ID which is his biomertric fingerprint or face which is then hashed with the hash value of the certificate and further checked for it validity with the help of BLOCKCHAIN. 

## Functions

The granting authority issues certificate to an individual and calculates hash of the combination of digital certificate and the biometric of that particular individual. This is then validated and linked to the existing blockchain as a new block. 

Further whenever the user send this certificate to any organization he needs to proove his authenticity via submitting the biometric detail along with the certificate.

The verifying authority again calculates the hash of combination of the certificate and the user's unique detail and checks for a matching block in the Blockchain.

If the block is found the the verifier validates the authenticity of both the user and the document otherwise not.

## Use case diagram link
 Diagram Link: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Zo5iSVb4S2b07bvzyWd8PTCHdnJ37ihu

## Technology stack / technology used ( Very Detailed )
Ethereum blockchain, Ganache, Meta Mask, Truffle, Smart Contracts, Solidity, HTML5, CSS3, Node JS, BootStrap.
languages, frameworks, libraries etc. with their need & purpose

## Limitations

Every user holds a number of certificates of different importance and identification. For each biometric data is not necessary. Thus method to verify the user needs to be categorized according to the application.

There is a compulsion on the user to send the biometric data which has certain Hardware requirements. Also choice of platform should be in a way that enebles sharing of this data along with the ceertificate.

## Future Aspects

This system can be made universal form a domain specific module. This implies that any type of certificate can be verified via a single blockchain.
Also the restriction of user entering the biometeric can be replaced with an unique ID of each individual which is secret to the user and the verifying authority.(for eg.  SSL)

## github project link
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1dfg62mIOoKBNSzGzqVg6lw_o48qrvyfZ
## Contact info ( emailid - github id )
yashviu@gmail.com - https://github.com/YASHVIU
upshah271999@gmail.com-  https://github.com/urvishah27
kiranjajal96@gmail.com- https://github.com/kiranjajal
kritikamittal17@gmail.com- https://github.com/kritika-mittal


